This study analyzes stars in the solar neighborhood — defined to be a heliocentric sphere with a 500-parsec radius — using stellar data from the Gaia Data Release 3 database. Using the columns for right ascension, declination, parallax, parallax-over-error, G magnitude, BP-RP color index, proper motion, and radial velocity, we developed several machine learning models and visualizations to perform a comprehensive study of this solar neighborhood. To allow for a feasible data load with our computing power constraints, we restricted the stars by apparent magnitude, solely including stars within 
7.5 ≤ 𝐺 ≤ 13.0, where G is Gaia G-band (apparent) magnitude. We derived our restriction criteria and definition of the solar neighborhood from previous research by Zari 2018 and Prisinzano 2022. We first created an interactive three-dimensional map of the stars in the neighborhood, color-coded by estimated spectral type, to understand the spatial stellar distribution of this region. Next, we constructed a luminosity function histogram to analyze the distribution of stellar brightness and a three-dimensional vector velocity field color-coded by estimated spectral type to perform a kinematic analysis of the neighborhood. We then constructed machine learning models for detecting anomaly velocities, mass estimation, and clustering of stellar structures. Our comprehensive study offers insights into the structure and motion of stars in the solar neighborhood and may contribute to future stellar navigation systems for spacecraft.  
